# Deciding on Project: Graphic Design
##### 10/7/2024

## How I choose this topic
The topic that I have chosen to work on for this project is Graphic Design. This topic has been something that I have been truly passionate about reseacrhing. I have developed a desire to explore this topic for a couple years now. It has come to my attention that using creative thinking and applying it to the World of Graphic Design, as a future career, would help me develop into this profession that has been important throughout history as it is today in the <strong>Technological World.</strong> I have considered other topics to research, such as Media Production and Fine Arts, however Graphic Design has been the topic that intrigued me the most. Some of the websites that I will use to obtain the information that I will need for this project are [The U.S Bureau Labor of Statistics](https://www.bls.gov/ooh/arts-and-design/graphic-designers.htm#tab-4) a website from the United States Government that provides specific information about jobs and occupations that I would like to pursue in the future. As well as [The Official Careers Website of the City of New York](https://cityjobs.nyc.gov/job/graphic-designer-in-queens-jid-14841) which talks about the requirements for any jobs or careers. 
## Engineering Design Process
I am currently on the first stage of the Engineering Design Process, which is to define the problem. Currently, we did not have the time to research any known problems relating to Graphic Design. However, I have seen online that <strong>there is a massive need for Graphic Designers in the UK,</strong> so I have a problem that I could start out with once I begin on this project. After this, we will then do more research about the topic we are passionate about and research about how our topic is related to technology.
## Skills 
<p> Throughout my class time in the Software Engineering Program, I have learned skills such as <strong>time management</strong> and <strong>communication skills.</strong></p>

### Why Communication?
<p> Knowing the value of communication in our lives is an important element in a lot of jobs and careers in the world. Especially when it comes to Graphic Design because effective communication with your teams will help you understand what you can or can not do in your design that you will be shared to the World. This can also be applied outside of the Graphic Design career as it will help you with your life outside of your future career and develop a sense of trust and reliability with other people. Knowing how to communicate with peers is also important for my project in the event there is someone who is also doing the same topic. If I ever do find someone in my class that is doing the same topic, that person and I would have to colaberate effectively in order so that both of us can finish our projects.  </p>

### Why Time Management?
<p> In our everday lives, we are always busy with something, whether if its school, work, family, hobbies, chores, or even having time to catch up on sleep. For me its usually school assignments, upcoming tests or quizzes, and even youth meetings and classes at the church I go to. Now with the this project that I will soon work on, knowing how to effectiely plan my schedule is going to make it easier for me to have the time I need to finish my year long project and catch up on everything else that I do throughout the day. </p>

## Final Thoughts
<p> I am honestly excited to learn more about how Graphic Design is used as I continue this project. I am also as eagar to learn more of these lessons in the Software Engineering Program that will encourage me to grow and mature in this <strong>Future Career</strong> that I am researching in this project! </p>
